Remote tier needs DeleteObjectVersion if remote bucket is versioned (#1089)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-ilm-tier.rst

- :policy-action:`admin:SetTier`
- :policy-action:`admin:ListTier`

> For example, the following policy provides permission for configuring object transition lifecycle management rules on any bucket in the cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following policy provides sufficient permissions for configuring object transition lifecycle management rules on any bucket in the cluster:
```

Object transition lifecycle management rules require additional permissions on the remote storage tier. 
Specifically, MinIO requires the remote tier credentials provide read, write, list, and delete permissions.

> If the remote bucket is versioned, delete version permission is also required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the remote bucket is versioned, the ``s3:DeleteObjectVersion`` permission is also required.
```

> For example, if the remote storage tier implements AWS IAM policy-based access control, the following policy provides the necessary permission for transitioning versioned objects into and out of the remote tier:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the remote storage tier implements AWS IAM policy-based access control, the following policy provides the necessary permissions for transitioning versioned objects into and out of the remote tier:
```

Object transition lifecycle management rules require additional permissions on the remote storage tier. 
Specifically, MinIO requires the remote tier credentials provide read, write, list, and delete permissions.

For example, if the remote storage tier implements AWS IAM policy-based access control, the following policy provides the necessary permissions for transitioning objects into and out of the remote tier:

.. literalinclude:: /extra/examples/LifecycleManagementUser.json
   :language: json
   :class: copyable

Modify the ``Resource`` for the bucket into which MinIO tiers objects.

> .. admonition:: Avoid remote tier object versioning

Reviewer 2: this is probably not very clear ? it is better to clearly state that we are talking about versioning in the tiering backend. Something like this maybe? `Avoid enabling versioning in the remote tier`

Author: I like yours better! Also did some minor edits in the paragraph below.
